but the Vatican is a complete pack of water level regulation of your
pool it's above ground have buried
built in construction or renovation we will detail from here
removable installations
for regular filling of your pond without overflow
or for regulating the water level during your absence
inside the pack
is the control box
and multiple accessories that allow six types of installations
possible
a supply pipe
different media
in winter because
two moss pads
the hecker support allowing laying on curbs
the instructions in languages ​​and a bag of accessories
inside the bag accessories carry with you the wrong quick connector
he lives it's play at the end of the feed tube as needed
inserting the supplied thrust joint
on the other side
put on the two foam pads
starting
by the biggest
drawing from his ranks the smallest
inside his foam pads
he comes to slip the stainless steel support
who wirelessly as follows
once this is done, do you have a control box
and screw it to the end of the feed pipe
you clip it's the box at the fill height want it
all that remains is to put the device on the copings
and connect it
brought food by their quick agreement
Mexico level which has been awarded the 2009 Design Observer Award for its
clever design
peter gade mans settle inside some who dies
in a crossing by way to the construction of the basin in particular
to secure automatic covers under grating
it can also settle inside a number of
filter blockages
finally mathis level that has a function
which allows the monitoring of possible leaks of the basin
device that sense with tronic
high reliability matic level and two-year warranty
it allows by these architectures of original break a total maintenance of all
its components throughout the life of your pool
matic level will bring you the comfort of a regulation
security for our equipment
and water saving often cause by an oversight during
filling operations